Privacy Policy Statement
This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and discretion. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this Application Services Agreement, you agree to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Services Agreement.
1. Scope of application
b) When you use the application web service or access the application's web page, the application automatically receives and records information on the browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, usage data, such as you Required language, access date and time, hardware and software feature information, and web page records;
c) User personal data obtained by the application from a business partner by legal means.
You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:
a) keyword information entered when using the search service provided by this app;
b) the information you collect in this application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and assessment details;
c) Violation of the law or violation of this application and the actions taken by you in this application.
2. Information use
a) This application does not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or a third party and this application (including the subsidiary of this application) Either the service is provided separately or jointly, and after the service is over, you will not be able to access all such materials that were previously accessible.

b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information in any way. Any user of the application platform engaged in the above activities, once found, the application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
c) In order to serve the user, the application may use the information you use to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with the App Partner so that they can send information about their products. And information about the service (the latter requires your prior consent).
3. Information disclosure
In the following cases, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or laws:
a) disclose to third parties with prior consent;
b) In order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;
c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities;
d) If you violate China's relevant laws, regulations or this service agreement or related regulations, you need to disclose to third parties;
e) If you are a qualified IP Complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the Respondent at the request of the Complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills its trading obligations and makes a request for disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information, such as the contact information of the counterparty. . Convenient to complete a transaction or resolve a dispute.
g) Other disclosures that this application considers to apply in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials you collect in this application will be stored on the applications and/or servers of its affiliates, which may be sent to the location where your country, region or application collects information and materials. It can be accessed, stored and displayed abroad.
5. Information security
a) This application account has security features. Please keep your username and password information in a safe place. This app will ensure that your information will not be safe, I will be lost, will not be abused or changed
